c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\punto.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\punto.pdb
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.dll
c:\users\lab-pc7\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.pdb
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.pdb
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\punto.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\punto.pdb
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Sqlyog.Enterprise.v7.14.Incl.Keymaker-CORE\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\punto.dll.config
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\punto.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\punto.pdb
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.dll
C:\Users\FRANKLIN\Desktop\Nueva carpeta\progra_we2\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.pdb
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\punto.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\punto.pdb
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.dll
E:\PuntoDeEncuentro\punto\punto\obj\Debug\punto.pdb
